c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.xr.xml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.exe
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.pdb
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\BackgroundTaskTest.winmd
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\BackgroundTaskTest.pdb
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\bin\ARM\Debug\BackgroundTaskTest.pri
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.exe
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest.pdb
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\vinayganesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\AnchorFreeNetworkChangeTest\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
